hello to everyone with you prince city this video
i recorded to show you
how to install mod on hidden fighters and
bosses to start click on the link below
video
and download the mod itself as soon as you download
need to unzip for example a worker
table
folder with the game and copy the contents of 3
folders in their respective folders
if a warning pops up that
such a file is already there then just click on
copy replacement
after all files have been replaced
you can start playing go to the game and
immediately be able to play for all hidden
fighters they are already open
as you can see in
fighters appeared three new boss shao kan
Kintaro igora and 4 hidden fighters
classic smook jade reptiles well
in the next video I will show how
Russify the game to have a menu
completely in Russian
I hope you liked the lesson so
subscribe to my channel and don't forget
put a thumbs up thanks for watching
you were the prince city